[ZT] Access multi-hostname support (#8542)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/identity/authorization-cookie/_index.md

- **Global session token**: a token generated when a user logs in to Access. This token is stored as a cookie at your [team domain](/cloudflare-one/glossary/#team-domain) (for example, `https://<your-team-name>.cloudflareaccess.com`) and prevents a user from needing to log in to each application.

- [**Application token**](/cloudflare-one/identity/authorization-cookie/application-token/): a token generated for each application that a user reaches. This token is stored as a cookie on the protected domain (for example, `https://jira.site.com`) and may be used to [validate requests](/cloudflare-one/identity/authorization-cookie/validating-json) on your origin.

### Multi-domain applications

> Cloudflare Access allows you to protect and manage multiple domains in a single [self-hosted application](/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/self-hosted-apps/). When a user authenticates to one domain, Access will automatically issue a `CF_Authorization` cookie when they go to another domain in the same Access application. This means that users only need to authenticate once to a multi-domain application.

Author: ```suggestion
Cloudflare Access allows you to protect and manage multiple domains in a single [self-hosted application](/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/self-hosted-apps/). After a user has successfully authenticated to one domain, Access will automatically issue a `CF_Authorization` cookie when they go to another domain in the same Access application. This means that users only need to authenticate once to a multi-domain application.
```
